<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="a_few_reasons_to_stay_alive">
    <title>a few reasons to stay alive</title>
    <body>
        <p>people ask why they shouldn’t commit suicide;</p>
        <p>they want a reason</p>
        <p>but they secretly think no reason will be found</p>
        <p>or no reason ever found will suffice.</p>
        <p>well i wish i could tell them,</p>
        <p>choose life.</p>
        <p>choose the first date, the first kiss,</p>
        <p>the first time.</p>
        <p>choose the late nights and cigarettes smoked</p>
        <p>on rooftops,</p>
        <p>the hands held and the good grades and the bad ones</p>
        <p>and the mistakes made and learned from.</p>
        <p>choose the thunderstorms and rainy days,</p>
        <p>the perfect cloudless ones and the dry heat.</p>
        <p>choose the sweat after a run,</p>
        <p>the long conversations, the telephone calls,</p>
        <p>the poems, the love letters scrawled on napkins.</p>
        <p>choose your parents, your brothers, your sisters,</p>
        <p>your friends. your family.</p>
        <p>choose the wedding and the walk down the aisle,</p>
        <p>college and taxes and bills and walks with the dog.</p>
        <p>music and barbecues and good books</p>
        <p>and old films, saying nothing with the lips</p>
        <p>but everything with the eyes.</p>
        <p>choose the smiles and the long nights,</p>
        <p>the wine and getting drunk.</p>
        <p>choose the drives alone,</p>
        <p>the dark parking lots, the coffee in the mornings.</p>
        <p>choose your daughter, your son,</p>
        <p>their first kiss, their first date, their college,</p>
        <p>their wedding. choose your grandchildren.</p>
        <p>choose old age with the one you love,</p>
        <p>the gardens and summer nights, dictionaries</p>
        <p>and blue ink. choose the hospital visits</p>
        <p>and tears and hard times,</p>
        <p>the aches and pains and arthritis.</p>
        <p>choose the yellow walls and comfy chairs.</p>
        <p>choose the love and loss</p>
        <p>and learn from them both,</p>
        <p>and then accept death with open arms</p>
        <p>when it comes for you,</p>
        <p>not when you come for it.</p>
        <p>choose the beginning of your life,</p>
        <p>then choose the rest of it.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
