<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="addressed_to_the_woman_who_slept_with_my_boyfriend">
    <title>addressed to the woman who slept with my boyfriend</title>
    <body>
        <p>I bet he made love urgently, like a train leaving the station.</p>
        <p>Here, this is every ounce of salt I gathered from his hips with my tongue.</p>
        <p>Here is every canker sore he implanted in my mouth when we kissed.</p>
        <p>In Ancient Greece, mourners placed coins over the eyes of the dead</p>
        <p>to help them stay shut in the afterlife. As far as I’m concerned,</p>
        <p>I can do the same to you. Last night I saw twenty-seven fireflies</p>
        <p>collide in the dark, so hard and so fast that you’d be surprised</p>
        <p>the light wasn’t knocked out of them.</p>
        <p>You knocked the light out of me by taking him away;</p>
        <p>now every breath I take is filled with his name,</p>
        <p>and you can have this language of scars, this way of struggling</p>
        <p>to express feelings, but there’s one thing I want you to know:</p>
        <p>there are calluses in every place he ever touched me.</p>
        <p>I am not soft anymore.</p>
        <p>I am rough and toughened and the first time he called out my name,</p>
        <p>it was louder than a thousand tsunamis realizing they have far to go</p>
        <p>before touching the shore.</p>
        <p>That’s pretty damn hard to beat.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
