<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="dear_stranger_sorry__i_wanted_to_talk_to_you__but_i_have_social_anxiety">
    <title>dear stranger-sorry, i wanted to talk to you, but i have social anxiety</title>
    <body>
        <p>I saw you in the deli but I was too scared to say hello. Then again, that’s how most of
            these stories turn out, isn’t it? A person falls in love, however briefly, with another
            person but never works up the courage to utter a single word. It’s odd, though, because
            I’m a writer, a quite prolific one too. You’d think I’d be full of words to hand to you
            like a bouquet.</p>
        <p>But the truth of the matter is that I was anxious. I have this problem called social
            anxiety, where even going to the local hardware store or ordering pizza over the phone
            seems like a giant roadblock in the path of my entire day. I dread these things.
            Interaction is so hard. And as I stared at you, trying to memorize the pattern your
            eyelashes made on your cheek in shadow, the way you closed your eyes for a few split
            seconds to decompress, I was scared of all the things that could happen. I could spill
            my coffee down your shirt, accidentally knock your cell phone off the table, forget my
            name. I have done that before, you know. Forget my own name. There were just so many
            combinations, infinite combinations, of things that could go wrong and destroy my one
            chance of being with you forever.</p>
        <p>So, as usual, I didn’t say a word. I paid for my sandwich and drink and sat down at a
            corner table, as far away from anyone else as I possibly could, and ate by myself.
            Quietly. My mother used to say that you can always feel when someone else’s stare is
            upon you, that it’s like a heavy cloak has just been spread over your shoulders, but you
            were so deep in thought that you didn’t notice me looking. At all.</p>
        <p>My favorite thing to do is think about time and space and energy. The space-time
            continuum, space as a kind of fabric punctured by holes and flaws and astronauts landing
            on the moon. So I thought about rupturing my own personal space-time fabric as I ate my
            roasted pepper Panini, the fabric I had kept carefully preserved and hidden for so long.
            I’ve always had a plan, I’ve always followed the exact instructions and rules and just
            once, I wanted to stray from the path and walk over to you, smile, introduce myself.
            This would cause an unplanned rip in my space-time fabric and I may have spun out of
            control, but at the time I was more than willing to experience that sensation just for
            you.</p>
        <p>I thought about it for awhile. So little space between my eyes and yours, a few split
            seconds between getting up from the table, pushing my chair in, and walking over to
            yours. A surprise, an unexpected event. Something that could change me utterly and
            totally forever.</p>
        <p>But the idea of doing something not already written down in my daily planner was simply
            too much for me. My palms were already starting to sweat, my breath coming faster. Even
            being remotely close to you and the other customers in the deli was causing me to panic.
            It’s like the walls were closing in, and I had to get out of there.</p>
        <p>So I shoved back my chair and rushed out the door. I barely remember you glancing up as I
            hurried past, out of curiosity or surprise at the sound my chair made as the metal
            scraped across the floor-I don’t know which. That seemed like the only time in my life
            anyone had ever paid the slightest bit of attention to me.</p>
        <p>On the bus ride home, I leaned my head against the glass and stared out at the people
            passing by in blurs. I can’t walk home because it involves eye contact with too many
            strangers, and I can’t drive myself home because I’m afraid I’ll make a wrong turn and
            someone will notice. The bus is the safest place for me; it allows me time to think.</p>
        <p>So I thought about you all the way back to my apartment. I thought about everything I’d
            given up in the past just to feel less anxious, just to make myself feel more
            comfortable. I thought about my safety zone and how I’d never once ventured out of it. I
            thought about the stupid space-time fabric and how I wanted so badly to rip holes in it
            every day, so many holes that could never be fixed or mended.</p>
        <p>I wanted to do things that made me feel uncomfortable, to experience things that made me
            feel unreal and tingly and wholly confused.</p>
        <p>You would have been one of them.</p>
        <p>But you weren’t, and you won’t ever be. This city has too many people in it to find you
            again, and even if I did, who knows what I would have done, or even if I would have
            talked to you at all.</p>
        <p>We could have gotten married and had kids and a vegetable garden full of eggplant and
            tomatoes and cabbage, a tiny apartment overlooking the ocean, full of knitting needles
            and leftover Chinese food and so much love contained in one small space. We could have,
                <i>we could have.</i></p>
        <p><i>I</i> could have. That’s what I say to myself every time I don’t do something I know I
            should have.</p>
        <p>But if I could go back in time, it wouldn’t be an activity I would redo.</p>
        <p>It would be a moment, and it would involve you.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
