<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="how_to_get_over_him">
    <title>how to get over him</title>
    <body>
        <p>Maybe even though you saw him with another woman, laughing and joking in a smoky bar with
            their heads held close together, you still think you have a shot with him.</p>
        <p>You don’t.</p>
        <p>This way of thinking will ruin you; you need to stop looking around corners and walking
            on eggshells when you’re near him. Your chances are slim to none; it would be easier to
            win a handful of cash on a Roulette wheel than get together with him. The stars have a
            better chance of kissing the moon than you have a chance of even so much as brushing his
            hand in passing as you walk across the street.</p>
        <p>Realize this. Drill it into your head and into your brain; carve it into your bedpost
            instead of his initials. Smear it on your bathroom mirror in a tube of the very same
            Sugar Plum lipstick you bought in hopes you could wear it on a fancy dinner date with
            him. Scrawl it on your wrist in permanent marker; walk into a tattoo parlor and get it
            inked onto each hand, each finger, so that whenever you ache to hold his hand, you can
            look down at your hands and see the reminder instead. Memorize this thought; chant it
            over and over again to yourself like a mantra.</p>
        <p>Let it be your new motto.</p>
        <p>Do not let yourself regret him; do not lie in bed in a quivering heap for days at a time;
            do not mope or hit the snooze button simply so you can drift off to sleep and dream
            about him. You are not a kicked dog and your ribs are not showing. If you look in the
            medical dictionary, lovesickness is not a disease. Wanting someone who is already taken
            is not a disease.</p>
        <p>So don’t treat yourself like a victim or a hospital patient. Stop putting Band-Aids on
            wounds that need sunlight. Stop trying to mend your heart with a splint and bandages;
            give it some fresh air instead.</p>
        <p>Dress yourself up if for no other reason than making yourself feel good. Put on your
            tightest, tiniest little black dress and some high heels and have a dance party in your
            own room with the stereo blasting.</p>
        <p>Throw away his photos. Delete his texts, crumple up his notes and slot them into the
            paper shredder like old credit cards.</p>
        <p>Thinking about him any more than you already have is dangerous. It is a palmful of lit
            matches about to fall into a puddle of lighter fluid. It is a warning sign, a canyon of
            deceit and sadness and regret.</p>
        <p>Do not let this canyon become your new choice of vacation.</p>
        <p>Hang out at the beach instead. Step into the ocean and feel the water swirl around you;
            stand among the jellyfish and tilt your head to the sky.</p>
        <p>Breathe in the salty air.</p>
        <p>This is the very same air he is breathing at this moment, but he is sharing it with
            someone else.</p>
        <p>You deserve to have your own air now. It is yours.</p>
        <p>Breathe it in.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
