<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="how_to_find_a_new_normal_in_the_middle_of_depression">
    <title>How to Find a New Normal in the Middle of Depression</title>
    <body>
        <p>It might be a gradual decline like jogging slowly down a hill and getting more tired with
            every inch of ground covered, or it might be an immediate occurrence like speeding up
            from that jog into a full-on run and coming to a dead stop right in front of a brick
            wall. But however and whenever your depression begins, it’s not going to feel normal at
            first, no matter how slowly it creeps up on you.</p>
        <p>So you have to find a new normal instead. And that may involve making lying in bed for
            five hours straight every day a daily routine, or even walking around the house
            half-dressed, but you have to embrace that normal if you’re going to get through this.
            Because once depression hits, sometimes like a low-level wave and other times like a
            tsunami, the normal you once knew no longer exists anymore. It’s part of the past. And
            it may never be part of the future. Like an old friend, it might pass by your window
            every now and then to say hello, but in all likelihood, it will never take the time to
            open the door and stay.</p>
        <p>Don’t beat yourself up about this. Because depression gives enough of a beating as is. It
            can leave you empty and exhausted, a shell of your former self; it can leave you
            battered and bleeding, wishing you were dead.</p>
        <p>And the truth is, eventually depression itself is probably going to become your new
            normal. It will be familiar, like a worn sweater or a pillow flattened from years of
            use. Maybe you’ll start wanting to leave that sweater on for the rest of your life, or
            to fall asleep on that pillow night after night. And that’s nothing to be ashamed of.
            Depression will feel like that sometimes- like something you can learn to live with,
            maybe even love. That can be terrifying like a monster under the bed, but sometimes the
            very monster you were so scared of as a child will stretch its head up from under the
            covers and reach out to shake your hand.</p>
        <p>Don’t blame yourself. Blame is just bad weather in the middle of a thunderstorm: it only
            makes matters worse. So grip the rudder and steer yourself to calmer seas, wherever they
            may be. They might not be the same old familiar waters you’re used to floating on, and
            sometimes you’ll sink. But if you learn to tread, eventually keeping your head above
            water will become normal.</p>
        <p>And of course it’s not the ideal situation. It never really is. But neither is it your
            fault. Others will, as they always do, tell you to just snap out of it, or to get over
            it, or to look for bluer skies.</p>
        <p>But how can you do that when your new normal only involves grey ones?</p>
        <p>So just keep doing your best, because your best is all anyone can ask for, even if your
            only accomplishment for the day is simply getting out of bed.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
