<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="just_friends_">
    <title>“just friends”</title>
    <body>
        <p>Tonight he leaves you with a pile of his favorite CDs;</p>
        <p>you dream of loading them onto Noah’s Ark before the flood,</p>
        <p>along with his 3 A.M. texts and prescription glasses;</p>
        <p>he will talk to you when she is not around,</p>
        <p>look directly into your eyes, until your heart cracks</p>
        <p>and spills into his palms like a weak egg yolk</p>
        <p>ready for the frying pan. Do not wait for his little green Facebook</p>
        <p>symbol to light up or you will be up all night.</p>
        <p>He will kiss her in front of you, a kiss so deep</p>
        <p>it could cut straight to the bone like an interrogator</p>
        <p>slowly removing a suspect’s finger with a carving knife.</p>
        <p>Shield your eyes and turn away;</p>
        <p>pretend you are casually studying the poster on the wall.</p>
        <p>You will wonder if her body leaves an outline in his bed</p>
        <p>the same way a crime scene is taped off</p>
        <p>around the chalked-in edges of the victim,</p>
        <p>and still he will call you twenty minutes before midnight</p>
        <p>wanting to go out for ice cream</p>
        <p>when you end up comparing the best 90’s music</p>
        <p>over his kitchen table instead. When he looks at you</p>
        <p>across this very same table, stare directly back.</p>
        <p>Do not flinch. Do not turn away this time.</p>
        <p>Let the tidal wave of his stare wash over you</p>
        <p>until it drenches your hair</p>
        <p>and he wants to comb out the sadness with his fingers:</p>
        <p>let him. Let him.</p>
        <p>It will take a while to work through the tangles</p>
        <p>but savor this last moment with his fingers</p>
        <p>unknotting you like needles, before tomorrow,</p>
        <p>when he will go back to her again, bouncing</p>
        <p>between the two of you like a yo-yo,</p>
        <p>the kind that returns to the owner</p>
        <p>then moves on to another when it grows bored.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
