<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="let_me_tell_you_something_about_sex.">
    <title>let me tell you something about sex.</title>
    <body>
        <p>I want to tell you something about sex. It is not about lust or passion or the heat of
            the moment. It’s about tenderness and desire. <i>You’re inside someone else’s skin</i>.
            Do you understand that? You are exploring a part of them no one else has ever dared to
            touch. I want you to take a flashlight and a knapsack, and a water bottle too, because
            you’re going to be down there a long time. You need to use this time to discover. Maybe
            you’ll be gone for a few minutes; maybe you’ll be gone for a few hours or even days. It
            doesn’t matter. What you choose to do with that time is your business, but I want you to
            cherish every moment of it.</p>
        <p>Human beings are inherently secretive. We’re private. We’re locked-up. You have to accept
            that. Not everyone wants to let someone else in. So respect that. You have to. <i>You
                have to.</i>But maybe one day someone will come along and they’ll let you kiss the
            backs of their knees; you’ll wrap your legs around them and slide your palms down their
            back. <i>Be tender and slow.</i> Don’t let this hurt them. But I want you to know that
            you will feel it, the moment they want to let you in. Take the key and unlock the door,
            softly. Don’t make too much noise as you enter. Don’t leave muddy footprints or dead
            leaves on the carpet. Open the curtains and windows to let the light in.</p>
        <p>Maybe the two of you will start out slow. <i>And that’s alright.</i> It’s alright. Be as
            delicate as a sparrow and as tender as a dove.</p>
        <p>But remember-under no circumstances, under absolutely none, are you allowed to have sex
            with a person without their permission. That is the one rule you can never break. But
            listen to me: if you do all of this right, if you love the person you’re with and touch
            them like they’re made of glass, you’ve made it.</p>
        <p>You’ve made it.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
