<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="letter_to_a_lover_who_committed_suicide">
    <title>letter to a lover who committed suicide</title>
    <body>
        <p>It feels strange bringing you to life through words, like a distant memory</p>
        <p>from childhood, but some poems are like benign tumors-</p>
        <p>they may disappear but their impact always lingers, kind of like you.</p>
        <p>I’m not nearly drunk enough yet to miss you properly,</p>
        <p>but I do know that I still search the travel websites just to see</p>
        <p>if there’s a special plane ticket on sale that will fly you up</p>
        <p>out of your coffin and back into my arms, maybe a round trip version</p>
        <p>so we can go back together when we die of old age.</p>
        <p>My grandfather used to say that love is just a courtesy step</p>
        <p>that occurs halfway in between birth and death,</p>
        <p>but to me, loving you made the rest of the steps worth it.</p>
        <p>Sometimes, I think of our history as a bunch of safety nets</p>
        <p>that tangled together for a little while but still never managed</p>
        <p>to break your fall. And there are still days when I think</p>
        <p>I can hear your voice, but it turns out just to be</p>
        <p>the rain tapping on the roof instead.</p>
        <p>We were not lovers.</p>
        <p>We were thunderstorms that collided for the briefest</p>
        <p>of moments, and when we did, our lightning</p>
        <p>lit up the darkness of every town within a mile.</p>
        <p>I hope your ghost is finding its way wherever you are now,</p>
        <p>and that you are haunted only by other ghosts,</p>
        <p>and no longer by your own self-hatred.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
