<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="letter_to_my_future_daughter_when_she_wants_to_kill_herself">
    <title>letter to my future daughter when she wants to kill herself</title>
    <body>
        <p>Someday I hope you’ll remove all the butterflies from your stomach</p>
        <p>and count them up one by one, then place them in a manila envelope</p>
        <p>to keep for all the times you need to feel something;</p>
        <p>then you can let them free again. I wish you knew that loneliness</p>
        <p>is a hell of a lot like soft-serve ice cream: it can be soothing</p>
        <p>when you get it in small doses, but when you take too large</p>
        <p>of a serving, you’ll end up making yourself sick.</p>
        <p>Sometimes your body feels like a sunrise that hasn’t started</p>
        <p>making its way out of the sky yet, but I promise you</p>
        <p>that every ray of sun has to start somewhere,</p>
        <p>even buried in the ground with the dirt and the insects,</p>
        <p>so deep someone has to dig it out.</p>
        <p>But someday someone is going to buy 20,000 shovels</p>
        <p>and every single one is gonna be for you,</p>
        <p>and they’ll bring every ray of sun, every cloud, to the surface again.</p>
        <p>Honey, God himself probably bragged to the angels</p>
        <p>when he created you, and even Satan</p>
        <p>would want you to remain on Earth</p>
        <p>so he could watch you from above and admire your beauty.</p>
        <p>I know your heart feels so heavy sometimes that it’s</p>
        <p>weighing down your throat like all those stones</p>
        <p>in Virginia Woolf’s pockets, but that’s just the heaviness</p>
        <p>of a heart that knows how to love</p>
        <p>pretty damn much better than anybody else.</p>
        <p>If there were a crash course in learning how to not hate yourself</p>
        <p>at school, I’d want you to have the best teacher</p>
        <p>in the entire world. Every time you take another pill</p>
        <p>is another second you could have for getting better.</p>
        <p>Every step you take to the top of the rooftop</p>
        <p>is another step you could have taken</p>
        <p>to get yourself back down.</p>
        <p>And I know this self-hatred is luggage over the carrying capacity</p>
        <p>at the airport, but someday you’ll learn how to remove</p>
        <p>all the items you don’t need from its suitcases,</p>
        <p>and stop breaking your back with its load.</p>
        <p>There’s a reason God made humans with hands.</p>
        <p>It’s so that every time they fall,</p>
        <p>they can drag themselves back up again.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
