<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="losing_touch">
    <title>Losing Touch</title>
    <body>
        <p>The first day of class, the professor tells us about a man who has no memory,</p>
        <p>who forgets something as soon as he sees it. We immediately begin</p>
        <p>to discuss all the particulars, wonder how he could possibly even talk</p>
        <p>if every word vanished as soon as it appeared. And I thought of fireflies</p>
        <p>flashing Morse code in the dark, or how the thunder makes love so violently</p>
        <p>to the lightning that every crash of their bodies can be heard from above.</p>
        <p>How language always fails us when we need it most, like holding the hand</p>
        <p>of a woman just run over by a car, the blood pooling into her skirt,</p>
        <p>her mouth opening and closing like a fish. Brutal, to witness her see</p>
        <p>the world for the last time, to take in the sky deepening into pink ash</p>
        <p>over the horizon, and her lover, two hours away, trying desperately</p>
        <p>to make it in time on the subway.</p>
        <p>The professor tells us Freud would eat that up, would say something witty</p>
        <p>about that man’s capabilities for psychoanalytic therapy,</p>
        <p>or Jung would comment on the state of his collective unconscious.</p>
        <p>But all I can think about is how, unlike the woman whose heart</p>
        <p>is slowly failing her, crushed underneath the steering wheel,</p>
        <p>everything that man sees</p>
        <p>he sees for the first time. Every time his wife steps into a room,</p>
        <p>he would be laying his eyes upon her for the very first time.</p>
        <p>For him, falling in love wouldn’t be a luxury;</p>
        <p>it would be a daily occurrence.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
