<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="on_not_being_able_to_say__i_love_you__0">
    <title>on not being able to say “I love you”</title>
    <body>
        <p>I can never say I love you. Saying those three words is a monumental task for me,
            something akin to studying particle physics for seven hours straight or running a full
            marathon. As a child whenever I went to a friend’s sleepover I was amazed by how easily
            they could speak that phrase, breathe it, let it fall from their mouth like an
            exhalation. I love you, they would say, pressing the weight of their tiny bodies into
            their parents’ skin, hooking themselves into their mother or father like an anchor. I
            tried to observe them intently as they said it, all the minute details of the phrase,
            all the meticulous gestures they used. I studied the motion of their hands, the curve of
            their cheek, the way their tongue hit the top of their teeth, the soft s-shape of their
            body like a comma dangling at the end of a sentence.</p>
        <p>Yet when I returned home I could not replicate the phrase on my own parents, no matter
            how I tried. For days after I would find the alphabet letters in my soup rearranging
            themselves into those three words, the trees outside singing them whenever I walked
            past. And each time I would feel a sudden pressure in my chest, as if my heart were on
            an elevator and rising to the very top floor where it would suddenly leap off, eager to
            arrive at its workplace. And then I would think It’s time, it’s time for me to say it,
            but when I opened my mouth to speak the words all that came out was a rush of air,
            empty, misunderstood.</p>
        <p>My parents lived off of Goodnight, I’ll miss you, See you soon, Be careful, okay? instead
            of I love you. Sometimes I wonder if they ever kept a jar underneath their beds that was
            filled with all those replacements, all those phrases that were meant to convey love but
            never quite did, and if they kept a jar for the I love you’s they never received. I
            truly wish that second jar hadn’t remained empty for all these years, but it has. I just
            simply cannot say those three words.</p>
        <p>Even to this day I find myself struggling to form the vowels. My tongue just won’t
            cooperate with my mouth; it’s like when you’re at the dentist’s office and he or she
            asks you a question while some sharp metal tool is being injected stealthily into the
            space between your teeth and all you can manage for an answer is something along the
            lines of Aueurue, suuqqrsslja. Well of course the dentist can’t possibly understand
            that. Same with my response whenever an aunt or uncle says I love you to me. Sometimes I
            stare at them and nod politely, other times I laugh, for reasons unbeknownst to me. Love
            is not a silly concept; it’s a tragic, painful, wonderfully glorious thing, yet I laugh
            as if the funniest joke in the world had just been told! It makes me ashamed; they must
            think I have an utter disregard for those three words, but in fact I hold them in the
            highest regard.</p>
        <p>It’s just that I am terribly afraid of saying I love you and meaning it and receiving
            nothing in return. What if I pour my whole soul of my mouth in the shape of those three
            words and it is unrequited? What if I can never get those three words back? It has
            nothing to do with being shy; it has everything to do with fear. I’m a terribly romantic
            person. I want peoples’ minds and their bodies; I memorize their thighs and the napes of
            their necks; I remember the length of their fingers and the shape of their hips. Yet
            those three words! They elude me every time I go to say them.</p>
        <p>Can’t I just have a lasso, or a hook to pull them in with? Can’t it just be like fishing,
            where you send out bait and the lure and something comes back on the line? I’d fish
            forever if it only meant I could capture all those I love you’s and say them over and
            over again to the person I love the most.</p>
        <p>Sometimes I wonder where all the unsaid I love you’s in the world go. Perhaps they float
            in someone’s bathtub on top of the water, struggling to stay afloat. Or maybe there’s
            even a special landfill in New York for them, a huge mountain of them, stacked millions
            and millions of miles high, so high that it towers above the moon. What painful deaths
            they must die, what lonely, sad deaths.</p>
        <p>So now, in an effort to get myself to say those three words, I write them down on an
            index card whenever they pop into my head and hand them to the nearest person. The
            result is a few befuddled strangers every day who thank me, a bit confusedly, and
            continue on their way. I give them to elderly women toting heavy shopping bags full of
            soup and bread, young joggers running past, pregnant girls pushing already-full
            strollers, lonely men with their hands in their pockets and their heads down. I think
            the world would be a better place if I could say I love you out loud, if we all could,
            every single one of us, but for now I suppose this is the best I can do.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
