<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="poem_for_the_day_i_cut_my_hair_in_memory_of_you_leaving">
    <title>poem for the day i cut my hair in memory of you leaving</title>
    <body>
        <p>Because you moved to Canada and left me here with the cat</p>
        <p>and a few hundred bags of tea, I now compulsively drink two mugs</p>
        <p>every day, with the Irish cream that you liked so much.</p>
        <p>My mother’s left several messages on your voicemail machine,</p>
        <p>wondering how you could break her daughter’s heart, but I decided</p>
        <p>long ago that I would get your heart tattooed to my palm,</p>
        <p>although I’m not sure the tattoo artist has the right color of ink</p>
        <p>to match your eyes. Tonight I wake up from the throes of a dream</p>
        <p>in which I try to kiss you in a place I’ve never kissed before,</p>
        <p>but every spot is covered.</p>
        <p>Here is every pair of boxer shorts you once wore</p>
        <p>pressed into amber like insects.</p>
        <p>The night is still turning us. I imagine you in Ontario,</p>
        <p>alone in a high-rise apartment,</p>
        <p>another cat from the local animal shelter curled up in your arms,</p>
        <p>your skinny legs covered in its shedding fur.</p>
        <p>Two years ago when my hair was at its longest</p>
        <p>you told me you’d braid all the stars into it one day if you had</p>
        <p>the chance; now it’s cropped close to my neck.</p>
        <p>Today is spring-cleaning day.</p>
        <p>I leave the box on my front doorstep for the mail carrier to handle,</p>
        <p>double-wrapped in thick packing tape, your address scrawled</p>
        <p>on the upper-righthand label. When you open it,</p>
        <p>the strands will sift to the floor like snow.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
