<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="shame">
    <title>shame</title>
    <body>
        <p>In Sociology class today we talked about how some men treat women</p>
        <p>like a piece of meat. And there’s something so terrifying about that,</p>
        <p>because women are these beautiful creatures that are nothing</p>
        <p>like a slab of steak or a medium-rare ribeye.</p>
        <p>Gloria Steinem once said that <i>we’ve begun to raise daughters</i></p>
        <p><i>more like sons… but few have the courage to raise our sons</i></p>
        <p><i>more like our daughters. </i>Let me tell you about a girl named Eden.</p>
        <p>And Eden’s a fictional character, she’s a figment of my imagination,</p>
        <p>but for millions of girls and women she’s all too real.</p>
        <p>Eden was blamed for being raped because of the clothing she wore,</p>
        <p>because she showed too much skin.</p>
        <p>But when did it become more about the “reasons”</p>
        <p>and less about the choices? A man makes a choice to rape a woman</p>
        <p>out of greed and lust. That’s not a reason.</p>
        <p>Listen to me: <i>there is never a reason for rape.</i> There is never an excuse.</p>
        <p>Women are like the moon; they’re radiant, they shine.</p>
        <p>The body is luminous because it wants to be.</p>
        <p>Yet as a society all too many people put a body on a platter</p>
        <p>and stick a fork in it, and call it love.</p>
        <p>That’s not love. That’s bullshit.</p>
        <p>Kitty Genovese was stabbed in New York City in 1964 outside of her apartment,</p>
        <p>and then she was raped by Winston Moseley.</p>
        <p>The attacks lasted half an hour.</p>
        <p>Can you imagine that? I hope you can’t. I sincerely hope not a single one</p>
        <p>of you can, but I know some of you do,</p>
        <p>because you’ve been through it.</p>
        <p>We’ve made our bodies out to be bomb shelters and hurricane-proof glass</p>
        <p>and fire escapes, but why can’t we just let them be temples instead?</p>
        <p>We shouldn’t have to ready ourselves for a disaster,</p>
        <p>because there should never be one.</p>
        <p>Let’s just open our doors and windows to the light. The space between</p>
        <p>our legs is an altar and no one goddamn better pray at that altar</p>
        <p>unless they’re allowed to.</p>
        <p>But no. I’m not finished yet. It happens to boys too. And when it does,</p>
        <p>those boys are called weak and helpless and girly.</p>
        <p>They’re called faggots. Because men are supposed to be these strong</p>
        <p>creatures who can lift two-by-fours on their backs and pull cars</p>
        <p>with their bare hands, but some of them are just as vulnerable</p>
        <p>as the rest of us. Men get raped too. It happens in prisons,</p>
        <p>in alleyways, in dark street corners.</p>
        <p>It happens at home.</p>
        <p>But the sad truth is that men are treated as shameful</p>
        <p>when they’re hurt, and women are treated as if they were</p>
        <p>“asking for it.” In a society like this no one can win.</p>
        <p>The only thing we can remember is that not a single one of us</p>
        <p>is a piece of meat, and not a single one of us has the right</p>
        <p>to touch someone in a way that makes them uncomfortable.</p>
        <p>And that’s not enough and never will be, but it’s a start.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
