<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_hoarder_">
    <title>The Hoarder </title>
    <body>
        <p><i>After Neil Hilborn</i></p>
        <p>The first time I went over to his house my hands shook</p>
        <p>not because I was nervous, but because even the railings were covered</p>
        <p>with trash and there was no way to keep myself from falling down the stairs.</p>
        <p>When we went to the bedroom, foreplay consisted of clearing</p>
        <p>all the crumpled newspapers and cereal boxes from the king-size bed</p>
        <p>before we finally got undressed. On my third day of psych class</p>
        <p>when I’d finally gotten up the nerve to approach him, his eyes looked</p>
        <p>closed off just like the shades drawn over his apartment windows.</p>
        <p>But once he let me in, he said I was the only one</p>
        <p>who ever made his brain feel quiet and uncluttered.</p>
        <p>I know it hurt whenever anyone teased him about the hoarding,</p>
        <p>but once he joked he loved me so much that he wanted to add me</p>
        <p>to his ever-expanding collection of junk mail and yarn.</p>
        <p>Whenever I left to go back to my own apartment, he’d steal</p>
        <p>my sweaters so “I’d have a reason to come back again,”</p>
        <p>though the next time I did, I would see them tangled up</p>
        <p>in a corner with all the other jackets and dresses,</p>
        <p>stained and wrinkled with the smell of mold.</p>
        <p>Some mornings I would kiss him so hard he would actually decide</p>
        <p>to empty the trash or put away the takeout cartons from dinner.</p>
        <p>We were doing good. You could see some of the floor</p>
        <p>underneath the mess, and even the windows were open,</p>
        <p>letting in the sunlight as we traced patterns over each other’s skin.</p>
        <p>But last month he said he wanted to take a break,</p>
        <p>that I was distracting him, making him feel disorganized emotionally.</p>
        <p>Isn’t that better than being disorganized physically, though?</p>
        <p>Now when I open the door to my apartment to sleep in my own bed</p>
        <p>for once, I stumble over nonexistent toys and trash.</p>
        <p>I pause a little too long before opening my closet, as if I’m waiting</p>
        <p>for a pile of newspapers to fall out and smother me.</p>
        <p>None of my rooms hold any secret treasures.</p>
        <p>I used to think about his eyes all the time, or the way he could make </p>
        <p>me feel safe even surrounded by a mountain of garbage.</p>
        <p>I miss him more than words can say.</p>
        <p>Now I just think about the new girl I saw him with yesterday,</p>
        <p>and how maybe I was just one of the things he hoarded,</p>
        <p>put on his shelf. But when he got tired of me, he kicked me out.</p>
        <p>Maybe I was the first thing he ever threw away.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
