<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_life_cycle_of_a_fruit_fly">
    <title>the life cycle of a fruit fly</title>
    <body>
        <p>The life cycle of <i>drosophila melanogaster</i>,</p>
        <p>also known as the common fruit fly,</p>
        <p>consists of copulation, which lasts 15-20 minutes, then the females</p>
        <p>lay approximately 400 eggs, 5 at a time, into rotting fruit or mushrooms.</p>
        <p>The entire lifespan of a fruit fly is 30 days or fewer: a mere month.</p>
        <p>Call me sentimental, but I’m a sucker for apocalypse stories.</p>
        <p>I’m sorry about your cancer, but if you only had a month to live,</p>
        <p>I’d call you up and play Scrabble with you and let you win</p>
        <p>even if you spelled stupid words like <i>cake</i> and <i>beltloop</i> and <i>toxic
                waste.</i></p>
        <p>They say it’s metastasized to the rest of your body.</p>
        <p>I wouldn’t get mad at you even if you voted for Mitt Romney</p>
        <p>in the next presidential election. In high school everyone always joked</p>
        <p>about how fucking a cancer patient is like fucking a zombie,</p>
        <p>but I don’t give a damn about your bald head. You look handsome</p>
        <p>with or without hair. And on your last day,</p>
        <p>when the fruit flies are closing their eyes</p>
        <p>and their wings are slowing to a halt,</p>
        <p>I’ll let you fall asleep on my shoulder</p>
        <p>so I can capture your last breaths in a jar.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
