<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_reasons_why_i_don_t_drink_coffee">
    <title>the reasons why i don’t drink coffee</title>
    <body>
        <p><b>One.</b> Every morning when I get out of bed and even think about walking</p>
        <p>through my front door and crossing the street my heart starts to pound</p>
        <p>like a jackhammer without the aid of any caffeine.</p>
        <p>There are days when my own bed looks at me with disgust</p>
        <p>as if each wrinkle in its sheets is ashamed of my cold feet</p>
        <p>and shaking hands, when every streetlight seems to stay green just for me.</p>
        <p>I am terrified of green lights because it means having to control a vehicle</p>
        <p>when my own body is already enough to handle for one day.</p>
        <p><b>Two.</b> I’m awake enough at 6 am anyway because the weight</p>
        <p>of all my mistakes is an echo I want to be able to rupture my eardrums</p>
        <p>to stop listening to. At dawn I concentrate on my breathing</p>
        <p>because it’s the only thing that has never walked out of my life</p>
        <p>but every exhale is a reminder of the time I had to puff into a paper bag</p>
        <p>during second grade when my heartbeat was a train</p>
        <p>I couldn’t derail from the tracks.</p>
        <p><b>Three.</b> I don’t need another drug, no matter how delicious,</p>
        <p>on top of the pills I’m already taking. Xanax, Lorazepam,</p>
        <p>Klonopin. Their names sound exotic and beautiful,</p>
        <p>like the ones my Indian neighbors were introduced with</p>
        <p>at our block party seconds before I fled from the room in terror</p>
        <p>of having to meet and shake hands with strangers.</p>
        <p><b>Four.</b> Drinking anything hot is an excuse to hurt myself,</p>
        <p>to let it burn all the way down my throat like a ring of flame</p>
        <p>as an excuse to punish myself for the eye contact</p>
        <p>I didn’t make with the pizza delivery man after my parents forced me</p>
        <p>to be the one to open the door and pay.</p>
        <p>Even now I hate anything with pepperoni on it.</p>
        <p><b>Five.</b> Caffeine is just another thing to depend on, a comfort zone</p>
        <p>to hide inside of like a circus ring, another daily routine</p>
        <p>I’m too afraid of breaking. My spine is already pulled taut</p>
        <p>like an arrow, bent under the weight of so many stifling habits.</p>
        <p>I just hope that means one day I’ll fly.</p>
        <p>I’m Starbucks’ worst customer. Now whenever someone asks me</p>
        <p>whether I prefer decaf or regular, I say regular anyway</p>
        <p>because it’s a synonym for normal</p>
        <p>and that’s all I want to feel like right now.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
