<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_handy_dandy_guidebook_for_loving_someone_with_depression">
    <title>the handy-dandy guidebook for loving someone with depression</title>
    <body>
        <p>1. Bake them a cake and for each candle they blow out, give them one reason to get out of
            bed every morning.</p>
        <p>2. Act like their phantom limb: be there for them physically when they need you, and
            leave when they want to be alone. But always be thinking about them, so, like the ghost
            of an amputated arm or leg, they’ll feel some small measure of your presence still
            attached to their side.</p>
        <p>3. Go to Hallmark and buy them as many cards as you can with your allowance, humorous
            ones, laugh-out-loud ones, romantic ones, cards with cats in party hats on the front,
            cards with red balloons, cards with gingerbread houses. But under no circumstance should
            you buy them a get-well-soon card. Tell them in words, out loud, with your own voice,
            that you hope they will feel better. Do not feed them some plastic sentiment that is
            sent out to 24,000 people every year.</p>
        <p>4. Dig a hole in the backyard and invite them to bring along a shovel or two. Then step
            back and watch as they rip their sadness out in handfuls and bury it in the hole.</p>
        <p>5. Fill it in. With dirt. Plenty of it. (This is a funeral.)</p>
        <p>6. Say a eulogy.</p>
        <p>7. Go slow; they’re probably new to this.</p>
        <p>8. Cook a romantic dinner for two and turn all the lights off. Play the recording that
            you made of just your voice saying <i>I love you, you are the apple of my eye</i>,
            endlessly, until the needle scratches.</p>
        <p>9. Buy one-way plane tickets to Somewhere Else and take them for a long vacation. They
            deserve it.</p>
        <p>10. Spend a few extra minutes in bed.</p>
        <p>11. Remember that depression fucks more violently than any sex-crazed maniac. Rub their
            back.</p>
        <p>12. Turn down the new job and stay home with them instead.</p>
        <p>13. Fill the bathtub with roses and hot water, light some candles, and remove their
            clothes one by one, so gently they can hardly feel your touch. Press your fingers into
            their spine and massage the sad out of them. Then cover their mouth with yours and
            transfer your love into theirs, as much as they can handle.</p>
        <p>14. Take them rollerblading at night, in between the lanes of cars on a quiet night, and
            feel the wind blow over your skin and theirs. Hold their hand and don’t ever let them
            spin too far away from you. Keep them close by like a satellite.</p>
        <p>15. Visit the Eiffel Tower. Stand at the very top and encourage them to drop notes down
            to the pavement, folded-up scraps of paper full of their worst feelings. Things like
                <i>Fuck, I hate myself,</i> or <i>I don’t want to be here anymore</i>, and watch
            them fade out of view.</p>
        <p>16. Be patient. Things like this take time.</p>
        <p>17. Feed them chicken soup, spoonful by spoonful, until they feel warm and whole
            again.</p>
        <p>18. (Don’t forget the bay leaves for extra flavor.)</p>
        <p>19. Send them an anonymous letter in the mail that says <i>Your progress is going swell.
                And I bet you never thought you’d make it this far?</i></p>
        <p>20. Invite your in-laws over to dinner and inform them that they’ve got a lovely daughter
            or son.</p>
        <p>21. Don’t spill gravy on your father-in-law’s lap this time. Offer to do the dishes so
            mother &amp; daughter or mother &amp; son can spend some catchup time together.</p>
        <p>22. Wait until there’s a full moon. Take all your clothes off, theirs too, and lie at the
            top of the tallest hill you can find. Trace all their scars and for each new one
            revealed, say you’ll stay for another year.</p>
        <p>23. Then tell them that even if they only had one scar, you’d stay for the rest of your
            life.</p>
        <p>24. Bring out the telescope.</p>
        <p>25. Find Mars.</p>
        <p>26. Become astronauts and fly to the moon. Touch down on the soft dust and plant a flag
            declaring your support on the most visible crater.</p>
        <p>27. Label it.</p>
        <p>28. Make it say: <i>We were here.</i></p>
    </body>
</topic>
