<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_greeks_believed_in_apricots_as_the_cure_for_unrequited_love">
    <title>the greeks believed in apricots as the cure for unrequited love</title>
    <body>
        <p>If I can’t have the boy, at least I can have his clothes.</p>
        <p>They leave their sweaters, their jackets, their blue jeans draped</p>
        <p>over my bed like petals, filling the bathtub, rising to the surface</p>
        <p>of the water like buoys. Always men have told me</p>
        <p>that I don’t look eighteen-a few years older, especially</p>
        <p>if I have a cigarette in hand; my therapist once pontificated</p>
        <p>that loving someone who is already with another</p>
        <p>is misplaced energy. She placed an apricot in my hand</p>
        <p>and made me roll it between my palms,</p>
        <p>its soft downy skin like velvet across my fingers.</p>
        <p>The Ancient Greeks believed that apricot pits</p>
        <p>were all the words a dead person meant to say</p>
        <p>but didn’t, hardened into a dense stone</p>
        <p>hidden deep within that pale orange flesh.</p>
        <p>Today, though, desire renders me speechless.</p>
        <p>There’s nothing more to say that hasn’t already</p>
        <p>been said. When they leave, the boys</p>
        <p>never exit the normal way: they have to jump</p>
        <p>out the window, slide down the roof,</p>
        <p>pick the lock on the back door with an extra</p>
        <p>bobby pin. Love makes people do strange things.</p>
        <p>And the day I held that apricot, I learned</p>
        <p>that there’s no room for small talk.</p>
        <p>If you love someone, let them know.</p>
        <p>Even ghosts have things they wish they’d said.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
