<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_man_who_came_out_when_his_girlfriend_broke_up_with_him">
    <title>the man who came out when his girlfriend broke up with him</title>
    <body>
        <p>The same day my father breaks up with his girlfriend,</p>
        <p>I break up with my boyfriend of four years.</p>
        <p>As a reward for making it through the long,</p>
        <p>punishing day at work without anyone to come home to,</p>
        <p>we both treat ourselves to chocolate frozen yogurt</p>
        <p>at the corner store and eat it underneath the stars,</p>
        <p>Polaris slicing its steady silver body through the clouds</p>
        <p>like the prow of a ship. The fireflies are burning holes</p>
        <p>through the night sky, looking for all the world like</p>
        <p>holes in the ozone layer. We ask one another</p>
        <p>what we will miss about our partners;</p>
        <p>my father says her long red hair, even though</p>
        <p>he always had to unclog it from the drain, or the way</p>
        <p>she removed her underwear with one hand</p>
        <p>and shed it like a snake. I tell him</p>
        <p>I’ll miss the way my boyfriend skipped our senior prom</p>
        <p>to visit his grandmother in the hospital,</p>
        <p>dying of cancer, and how he stood there</p>
        <p>at her bedside in his tux, my corsage already wilting</p>
        <p>inside his pocket. The neighborhood cats</p>
        <p>meow in the darkness, knocking over metal</p>
        <p>trashcan lids as my father puts his head in his hands</p>
        <p>and begins to weep. My father, who didn’t even cry</p>
        <p>at his first wedding when he saw the bride.</p>
        <p>I ask him why the tears are coming,</p>
        <p>and he says it’s because he’s been hiding</p>
        <p>for the last ten years of his life, and only now</p>
        <p>is he able to spend the rest of his life with a man</p>
        <p>without pretending that his girlfriend was the one</p>
        <p>when he really dreamed about touching men’s thighs,</p>
        <p>the silky inner skin there, or kissing them,</p>
        <p>losing himself in something that felt</p>
        <p>like home.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
