<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="this_poem_is_not_a_suicide_hotline_but_it_s_the_best_i_could_do">
    <title>this poem is not a suicide hotline but it’s the best i could do</title>
    <body>
        <p>I don’t want this to be a careful poem.</p>
        <p>Even the word absence takes on its own kind of shape,</p>
        <p>like the way in which a ghost materializes in a room</p>
        <p>you thought was previously abandoned.</p>
        <p>I’ve seen too many people fall in love with sadness.</p>
        <p>They consider it a tangible thing, an object they can hold</p>
        <p>in their hands and marvel at</p>
        <p>like a glass case full of dinosaur bones</p>
        <p>in a museum.</p>
        <p>I want this poem to shake those people up; I want it to throw</p>
        <p>them against the wall and rip out their heart and stomp on it.</p>
        <p>I want it to wake them up.</p>
        <p>Sometimes if you touch a person you can burn holes in them</p>
        <p>with only your fingers. That’s the power of a flame.</p>
        <p>Some matches</p>
        <p>never go out.</p>
        <p>Even the stars feel a certain kind of melancholy every once in awhile;</p>
        <p>maybe they think about suicide</p>
        <p>the way some trees wish they could hang themselves</p>
        <p>from their own branches.</p>
        <p>I want this poem to be dangerous. I want it to be</p>
        <p>a wake-up call. If you’re in love with sadness,</p>
        <p>I hope it fucks you over and breaks your heart</p>
        <p>so you never have to go back to it again.</p>
        <p>Even empty rooms</p>
        <p>have feelings.</p>
        <p>Pick yourself up, brush yourself up,</p>
        <p>and go on. Go on go on go <i>on.</i></p>
        <p>It’s time.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
