<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="we_named_our_unborn_daughter_moonshine_after_her_father_s_favorite_habit">
    <title>we named our unborn daughter moonshine after her father’s favorite habit</title>
    <body>
        <p>I am thirteen and you are growing fat with the westward expansion</p>
        <p>of your alcoholism; your windpipe is permanently filled</p>
        <p>with a pint of Jack Daniel’s like the gas compartment of a car.</p>
        <p>I don’t know how to turn the engine off most days.</p>
        <p>I am fifteen, learning the sharp angles of my own body</p>
        <p>and using them to ward off soft, unwanted men</p>
        <p>who threaten to dig out the mine of my vagina</p>
        <p>searching for nonexistent gold. You are too busy to care,</p>
        <p>double-fisting beers in your bed, falling into sleep</p>
        <p>while the moon cracks its knuckles</p>
        <p>in an effort to fight off your will to drink.</p>
        <p>I am nineteen and still learning.</p>
        <p>The storks have started avoiding our house because</p>
        <p>they know we will never be able to have children</p>
        <p>with your damaged insides. You are spoiled goods,</p>
        <p>rusted iron, a pocket exploded with seams and stuffing.</p>
        <p>We stand on icebergs for warmth and count up</p>
        <p>your rehab stays like lottery tickets; they are the only</p>
        <p>consistent thing in our relationship.</p>
        <p>I am twenty-three and your liver has seen more fights</p>
        <p>than my badass male cousin.</p>
        <p>It throws left hooks and punches with vigor,</p>
        <p>and lands every single one of them.</p>
        <p>Some days the wind blows so hard it streams through</p>
        <p>the portholes of your compassion.</p>
        <p>I am twenty-seven and learning how to sleep with ghosts</p>
        <p>while you are out barhopping.</p>
        <p>They say humans are 78% water.</p>
        <p>You are 78% alcohol.</p>
        <p>In the mornings, I fill your glass bottles with orange juice,</p>
        <p>but you never come down for breakfast.</p>
        <p>I am thirty-five and you are buried in my backyard,</p>
        <p>and instead of flowers on your grave,</p>
        <p>I stack breathalyzers like pyramids.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
