<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="what_the_men_said_to_me_before_it_happened">
    <title>what the men said to me before it happened</title>
    <body>
        <p>You have nothing. We will make you whole.</p>
        <p>Put away your keys; they won’t protect you. This parking lot is dark for one reason and
            one reason only. Listen: our hands will light everything up.</p>
        <p>Didn’t you know? Your body always comes with strings attached. We’re here to take
            advantage of them.</p>
        <p>Give me a kiss. Come on, use some tongue. Get us warmed up.</p>
        <p>I will pull you out of your skin like an anchor.</p>
        <p>Why the heavy heart? You knew this was guaranteed. It’s all part of the insurance policy
            that a woman is born with.</p>
        <p>Be still. Be quiet enough that we can hear the cicadas rubbing against one another, and
            we won’t have to cover your mouth.</p>
        <p>You’re struggling. Listen, even our hearts weigh ten times as much as yours. If your
            heart is a station wagon, our hearts are Mack trucks. We will run you over and then come
            back again for a second helping.</p>
        <p>I can almost taste you.</p>
        <p>Afterwards, you’ll replay this moment over and over again in your head so often you’ll
            forget the difference between what we did to you and your favorite song set on
            repeat.</p>
        <p>You look like someone who likes it rough.</p>
        <p>What, you thought you’d find love? Honey, this <i>is</i> love. We just have a different
            way of showing it.</p>
        <p>Tonight is the best night for doing this since there’s no moon, no stars. The darkness
            will cover everything up. It will erase us like ghosts.</p>
        <p>The blood will only make you stronger. You already bleed every month anyway; more blood
            will change nothing.</p>
        <p>Shh. Be still. Don’t pretend you didn’t know this would happen some day.</p>
        <p>We don’t have any excuses.</p>
        <p>We don’t need any.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
