<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="why_you_are_not_going_to_kill_yourself_tonight__butterfly_style">
    <title>why you are not going to kill yourself tonight, butterfly-style</title>
    <body>
        <p>Look at me now. Put your arms out to the side. Stretch them as far as they can go, until
            your wingspan is complete. Look at me when you are done. It’s time to stop using your
            arms as balance to walk the tightrope between life and death and start using them as
            wings instead to fly up from rock bottom.</p>
        <p>The worst thing you can go through is a bad day that seems like it will never end, but
            our biological clocks re-set themselves every 24 hours. Our cells replace themselves
            every 7 years. Our hair gets longer and longer until we use scissors to chop it off and
            color it. We find strands of it, greying, between our bed sheets and on our pillow and
            in the sink. We’re always converting ourselves into different, alternative versions,
            always losing tiny essential pieces of ourselves. You are not the same fucked-up person
            you were 24 hours ago. It’s always possible for a clean start; you just have to make it
            through the night.</p>
        <p>Look at me. Your veins are not twin dresses to be unzipped or locks to open. If they
            were, they would come with price tags or combinations, but all they come with is a rush
            of blood. So stop trying to roll the wheel and guess which hand of cards will be your
            last tonight; a suicide lottery is one that always ends in loss, and not just of money.
            You’ve got more hands left to deal.</p>
        <p>Now put your left palm on your right. Bring your lifelines together and squeeze hard. You
            just brought one half of life together with the second half. That’s a whole life right
            there waiting for you to live it. Now come to me. Put your two palms, still closed
            together, in mine and watch as I fold my hands over them.</p>
        <p>That’s two lives.</p>
        <p>Let’s do the arithmetic. Two is twice as strong as one. You won’t kill yourself tonight
            because when two lifelines that don’t want to live anymore join with two lifelines that
            do, the hate and love cancel each other out and all that’s left is commitment.</p>
        <p>Don’t go. I’ve never seen someone who wears their own name like a fucking badge of pride
            like you do. Every breath you take is a victory and I know each one is waving a white
            flag of surrender behind it but when winter comes each breath will freeze in midair and
            every ice molecule locked together will prove the strength of your lungs’ effort just to
            keep you alive.</p>
        <p>Look at me. Look at me now. Put your arms around me now. Think of all the days your
            stomach was so full of so many butterflies it wanted to vomit them all out just to get
            rid of the anxiety. Maybe that’s because you’ve been confusing butterflies with moths.
            Moths burn themselves to death against lights but butterflies- butterflies fly. Remember
            your wingspan? That’s what butterflies have. So pour all those moths into my ribcage
            now, because that’s my heart beating there behind those ribs, that’s my heart, and
            there’s a spark there, so full of life that it’s burning up because it wants to live,
            every beat powers the flames that keep my heart going, and all those sparks will burn
            those moths up.</p>
        <p>Your arms are around me, and mine are around you.</p>
        <p>That’s what butterflies do. They help each other find their wings.</p>
        <p>So come on now. Look at me one last time.</p>
        <p>I’m going to help you find yours. </p>
        <p>How? We’re going to fly.</p>
        <p>But not off this building like you were planning to do earlier, not to the ground to hit
            the pavement below and smack down like a blood orange.</p>
        <p>We’re going to fly back to your sill and through the window, and put your feet down
            firmly on the ground until your wings are mended enough for further use.</p>
        <p>It’ll take one night for the transformation to complete.</p>
        <p>But one night is all you need.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
