<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="a_priest_walks_into_a_bar_0">
    <title>a priest walks into a bar</title>
    <body>
        <p>A mathematician calculates his loneliness but comes to the conclusion</p>
        <p>that it is too big for even him to handle. Some nights my sister</p>
        <p>stands at the kitchen counter, hand over her belly, wedding ring</p>
        <p>digging into the soft skin. She looks like a mermaid beached on land</p>
        <p>as she rests there, dark hair over her white shoulders.</p>
        <p>I remember how the first miscarriage left her reeling,</p>
        <p>and she went out one morning to the pier to go fishing</p>
        <p>but came home empty-handed. When my father inquired</p>
        <p>why she had not caught anything, not a small blue trout or a catfish,</p>
        <p>even, she replied that the hook kept slicing through the water</p>
        <p>over and over again, as cleanly as a knife through butter,</p>
        <p>yet what lurked beneath the surface</p>
        <p>remained beneath the surface.</p>
        <p>A chemist measures out his sorrow into a beaker</p>
        <p>but realizes it can never be reacted with another substance</p>
        <p>because it is too complicated.</p>
        <p>The other day I put on a little black dress and stalked the town</p>
        <p>to see if I could find a man to hold me, but all the clubs</p>
        <p>were full of men with sad eyes who wanted to apologize</p>
        <p>for things they’d never done.</p>
        <p>Tonight my body is a church steeple and everyone wants</p>
        <p>to pray there, but no one wants to come in.</p>
        <p>A priest walks into a bar</p>
        <p>but there is no punchline.</p>
        <p>A priest walks into a bar</p>
        <p>because he needs to drown</p>
        <p>his sorrows in drink.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
