<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="after_the_third_lover_that_walked_out_on_me">
    <title>after the third lover that walked out on me</title>
    <body>
        <p>The first time a boy left me, I dreamt of Freud and woke up weeping.</p>
        <p>I’d been curled up in bed in the shape of where his body used to be.</p>
        <p>In the beginning I even considered filing a missing person’s report,</p>
        <p>going to the cops with empty hands</p>
        <p>in the middle of the night, explaining to them</p>
        <p><i>This is what happened and I don’t know how to go about</i></p>
        <p><i>this process of finding him again, but I do know</i></p>
        <p><i>that it’s serious enough to warrant a police investigation.</i></p>
        <p>Seven months later, after an affair with a long-haired poet</p>
        <p>who wore skinny jeans and plaid shirts,</p>
        <p>I was abandoned again.</p>
        <p>My mother always told me I learned to walk</p>
        <p>before crawling, but this time it was all I could do</p>
        <p>to keep myself from jumping off the nearest bridge.</p>
        <p>I measured my level of loneliness in the number of used tea bags</p>
        <p>that were left on the kitchen counter.</p>
        <p>After 366 days those bags had overflowed into the sink,</p>
        <p>spiraling down the drain;</p>
        <p>they spilled from the bookshelves and the refrigerator door.</p>
        <p>Soon I began to equate the smell of tea with loss,</p>
        <p>with an absence, with a lover no longer present.</p>
        <p>After the third boy left me,</p>
        <p>I threw his computer out the third-story window of my apartment</p>
        <p>and watched its glass screen smash into pieces on the grass below.</p>
        <p>That day I discovered yet another metaphor for a broken heart.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
