<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="cancer_statistics">
    <title>cancer statistics</title>
    <body>
        <p>My five-year-old cousin David thinks one out of every five people dies.</p>
        <p>It was hard enough to tell him at three years old that the sky isn’t</p>
        <p>always blue, but it was even harder to inform him</p>
        <p>that actually, five out of five people die.</p>
        <p>Sometimes I want to divorce this body</p>
        <p>and leave the custody arrangement up to someone else,</p>
        <p>just so I don’t have to be responsible</p>
        <p>for this skin. God knows I could talk about the time</p>
        <p>I fell in love with a cancer patient named Michael</p>
        <p>and made love to him slowly, at the speed of a tortoise,</p>
        <p>for three hours because his bones ached so badly</p>
        <p>but he still wanted to hold me.</p>
        <p>And I have walked into over 34 bars in the past two months;</p>
        <p>each time a drunk man laughed and asked me</p>
        <p>what the punchline was. I replied that there wasn’t one,</p>
        <p>because if there were, Michael wouldn’t really have cancer</p>
        <p>and David would know the truth.</p>
        <p>But I still remove Michael’s IV on the good days when he</p>
        <p>asks me to, and we ride up and down the hospital hallway</p>
        <p>on his wheelchair until he commands me to kiss him</p>
        <p>instead of chemotherapy.</p>
        <p>Eight times out of nine, my mouth does the trick.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
