<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="dear_ana__an_open_letter_to_anorexia_">
    <title>Dear Ana (an open letter to anorexia)</title>
    <body>
        <p>Dear Ana,</p>
        <p>I wonder if you know that yesterday all the neighbors left casseroles</p>
        <p>on your back porch because they thought you’d already died,</p>
        <p>and even the undertaker knows your first, middle, and last name by heart.</p>
        <p>Ana, you poor broken little girl. You’d drop coins into your mouth one by one</p>
        <p>and make wishes to be even skinnier, <i>just ten pounds more, please God</i>,</p>
        <p>if only you weren’t so scared that a few extra calories would be hanging off</p>
        <p>that copper skin. This is a hunger strike; you sit crosslegged</p>
        <p>on the driveway holding up your precious sign begging for more passersby</p>
        <p>to buy a little more of your flesh, <i>My ass is too thick, my arms too flabby,</i></p>
        <p><i>Thick, luscious flesh for only 50 cents!</i></p>
        <p>Ana, remember how everyone used to pass notes in grade school,</p>
        <p>paper scrawled with love letters and smiley faces, slipping</p>
        <p>through sweaty fingers? Ana, can you pass notes in your collarbones now?</p>
        <p>They don’t teach us about you in health class because you are weak,</p>
        <p>and weakness is not something to be tolerated. They don’t teach us</p>
        <p>about you because they are too afraid the pictures of your thighs</p>
        <p>will be too graphic. Your wrists like toothpicks,</p>
        <p>your ribs like a ladder where all this hunger is trying to crawl out,</p>
        <p>rung by rung, and escape from you.</p>
        <p>Ana, I’ve seen you get down on your knees</p>
        <p>in the middle of Sunday service and pray for size zero jeans;</p>
        <p>I’ve seen you refuse the Communion wafers and wine</p>
        <p>out of fear they’d fatten you up too much. Ana, you</p>
        <p>are pushing your luck. Your hair is falling out; so much of it</p>
        <p>is already gone that you could wear a sweater made out of</p>
        <p>your own blonde strands. Tell me, do you wear it well?</p>
        <p><i>Will the boys swoon over you now?</i></p>
        <p>Today your mother forces you to stand on the scale,</p>
        <p>but the numbers mean nothing. Ana, 110! Ana, 105!</p>
        <p>Ana, 100, 95. 94. 93. Ana, <i>86!</i></p>
        <p>I’ve seen the moon eat more than you do; it swallows the sky</p>
        <p>every night and always goes back for seconds.</p>
        <p>Even a mouse hoards more cheese than you do.</p>
        <p>Dear Ana, yesterday a boy tried to hold your hand on the way home</p>
        <p>from school but it disintegrated into dust between his fingers.</p>
        <p>The day before that he tried to kiss you on the mouth</p>
        <p>but your lips were so dry it was like swallowing sandpaper.</p>
        <p>Dear Ana, this is for all the times you tried to hold your own ghost</p>
        <p>just to give it a little comfort, but it slipped away in your arms.</p>
        <p>I am writing you a letter and in it I am standing on the ceiling</p>
        <p>of the Eiffel Tower and screaming <i>fuck you, fuck you</i></p>
        <p>at the top of my lungs. Because <i>fuck you</i>
            <i>Ana</i>, that’s why.</p>
        <p>You’re just a poor, scared little girl and you are taking this baseball bat</p>
        <p>and you are beating the shit out of yourself until there is nothing left</p>
        <p>but blood and guts. But you never had the guts to start treating yourself</p>
        <p>well; you only had the blood when the constant throwing up</p>
        <p>gave you ulcers. Dear Ana, fuck you.</p>
        <p>Dear Ana, I will not stand beside you and watch you wither away</p>
        <p>into brittle autumn leaves. I will not watch you do this to yourself.</p>
        <p>Your body is a burning building and I will not be the one to fetch</p>
        <p>the fire hose. That is your job. Always has been.</p>
        <p>Ana, aim the nozzle at the living room.</p>
        <p>Hose that sucker down.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
