<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="for_razorblade_lovers">
    <title>for razorblade lovers</title>
    <body>
        <p>Somewhere in the back left pocket of your childhood,</p>
        <p>your mother’s tongue is moving against your father’s hips.</p>
        <p>They are making you, a you that would not exist if she had slit her wrists</p>
        <p>like she wanted to when she was seventeen.</p>
        <p>Evolution made us all grow up with bones ready for the breaking,</p>
        <p>but your weather vein wrists do not have to be perpetually prepared</p>
        <p>for a jagged streak of lightning to open them up and spill out red rain.</p>
        <p>You have had days where even the worst of the worst</p>
        <p>came nowhere close enough to describing how it felt</p>
        <p>to walk into a forest wishing it would light itself on fire</p>
        <p>or a wheatfield hoping for every yellow blade to thresh itself</p>
        <p>or a river wanting nothing more than the water to drown itself dry</p>
        <p>just so you’d feel less alone.</p>
        <p>But see, sometimes what feels like love is really just something ugly</p>
        <p>that starts out as a wedding band and then gradually begins</p>
        <p>to suffocate the wearer by growing far too tight.</p>
        <p>Razorblades are not love. They were made for whittling wood,</p>
        <p>not skin. You are not a demolition; you don’t need this tool.</p>
        <p>You are a carpenter, so build yourself back up with each bare palm,</p>
        <p>cake mortar between every wound so thick</p>
        <p>that nothing will ever slice those bricks apart again.</p>
        <p>Throw away the razorblade. Throw away the razorblade.</p>
        <p>Hard as you can, till it lands in the trashcan</p>
        <p>and hits rock bottom instead of you this time.</p>
        <p>Until your mother can hear the sound all the way in the other room</p>
        <p>and remember how glad she is</p>
        <p>that she threw hers away too, seventeen years ago.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
