<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="for_an_ex_lover_becoming_someone_else_s_">
    <title>for an ex-lover becoming someone else’s </title>
    <body>
        <p>According to Tacitus, a senator and historian of the Roman Empire,</p>
        <p>the Great Fire of Rome burned for six days straight.</p>
        <p>Three districts were completely destroyed. After you left, I burned</p>
        <p>for 234 weeks in a row; even when I swam all the way to Canada</p>
        <p>and burrowed under all the lakes there, my flames still didn’t go out.</p>
        <p>By now, her mouth must be like one of those tiny bees, the kind</p>
        <p>that sting almost unnoticeably and leave red welts where the victim</p>
        <p>least expects them. Your white shoulders are probably</p>
        <p>covered in her kisses, I see you calling her name as the sky</p>
        <p>turns to pink ash, the apples on the counter already rotting</p>
        <p>with no one left to cut them up. You know what my mother did</p>
        <p>when I was a child to keep the uneaten fruit fresh?</p>
        <p>She poured lemon juice over it and sealed it in the refrigerator</p>
        <p>for a single week. I don’t know why, but language always fails me</p>
        <p>when I need it most. Well, now you can have the way we fucked</p>
        <p>at midnight with my hands between your legs, you can have</p>
        <p>the repetition of our history together, the important dates,</p>
        <p>the gilded crowns I pressed upon your spine with my tongue.</p>
        <p>Here, you can have your heart back, too: you stole it once</p>
        <p>and I swore I wouldn’t press charges.</p>
        <p>Give it to her instead, for she probably needs it more.</p>
        <p>Soak it in lemon juice, so it won’t rot</p>
        <p>when she takes it in her arms, like I once did.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
