<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="handwritten_apology_note_from_god_to_a_closeted_gay_man">
    <title>handwritten apology note from God to a closeted gay man</title>
    <body>
        <p>My son, I created closets as a sanctuary for sweatshirts and dresses,</p>
        <p>not to store secrets that have no reason to be kept hidden.</p>
        <p>I allowed human skin cells to regenerate every seven years</p>
        <p>as a way of making them shed all the unwanted insults,</p>
        <p>to come alive in a fresh body, new and untouched, to begin again.</p>
        <p>So now, my son, shed your old body and put on a new one.</p>
        <p>Forests are for hiding in, not closets. Reveal yourself to all.</p>
        <p>Yes, the Bible says man shall not lie with man, but then again</p>
        <p>no book is ever really finished, is it? New pages are written all the time.</p>
        <p>So let us turn to a new one and dip the pen in ink.</p>
        <p>I am the final author of my autobiography, and no one else.</p>
        <p>Let me remind you that when I look down from above</p>
        <p>and see you holding hands with a man named Adam, I do not think</p>
        <p>of Adam and Steve; I think of Adam and Bill or Adam and John,</p>
        <p>or Adam and Jose or Adam and whoever he goddamn wants.</p>
        <p>And if Adam’s ex-girlfriend Eve ever comes along and slaps him</p>
        <p>across the face for “lying with a man,” I hope he takes that apple</p>
        <p>from her and enjoys every last delicious bite.</p>
        <p>My son, I watched your birth from my golden perch.</p>
        <p>It was a cesarean section, a bloody miracle.</p>
        <p>You were lifted from her stomach like hope itself.</p>
        <p>When the doctors slashed the umbilical cord like a kite string,</p>
        <p>you wailed at the top of your powerful little lungs.</p>
        <p>With a voice like that, there’s no reason to remain quiet now.</p>
        <p>It’s time.</p>
        <p>And my son, if you were worried, Heaven is not the Westboro Baptist Church.</p>
        <p>Heaven is a place that opens its gates to you like welcoming arms.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
