<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="how_to_skip_the_party_and_stay_home_instead">
    <title>how to skip the party and stay home instead</title>
    <body>
        <p>There are going to be some night when you don’t feel like going to the party. So don’t go
            to the party. Let everyone else have their existential discussions about free will and
            the decay of the universe over cocktails. Stay home and read through your book
            collection instead; you’ll have more fun getting into Fitzgerald’s head than making
            awkward small talk with your nearest conversational partner.</p>
        <p>For God’s sake, people at the party will be talking about how Sally hooked up with Andrew
            but Andrew already made out with Valeria from Italy and now Sally isn’t sure whether to
            tell Andrew that the baby is his. You’ll be relaxing at home in sweats and eating
            microwavable stew straight from the container. There’s nothing wrong with wanting to
            stay in and stay away from the world. You’re not an introvert just because you want some
            alone time; there’s no shame in needing quiet.</p>
        <p>There will be days, too, when the alarm clock goes off on a Saturday morning at nine and
            you were supposed to weed the garden or go jogging or something of the like. Hit the
            snooze button. It’s alright to sleep in once in awhile, to press the pillow over your
            ears and roll over. Or maybe your mom wanted you to meet up with her and some of her
            business partners to discuss your plans for law school. Screw that. If you don’t want to
            go to law school, don’t go to law school!</p>
        <p>Maybe you want to go to art school instead and make drip paintings like Jackson Pollock
            or smear the canvas with beautiful, colorful oils like van Gogh, minus the sadness. So
            go ahead. There’s nobody in your way but you. The people you meet at art school will
            wear paint-stained jeans and messy buns, or scuffed-up Keds and heavy metal t-shirts.
            You can hold conversations with them for hours about Georgia O'Keefe or mixed-media,
            found object art, instead of sitting in a tight suit at the head of a conference table
            with four men and women twice your age. Don’t get me wrong, there’s nothing wrong with
            law school, but screw law school if you don’t want to go there.</p>
        <p>When the neighborhood kids ask you if you want to go out for a few drinks at the downtown
            bar, maybe you’d rather curl up on the sofa with your mom and watch reruns of Friends.
            So skip the offer. Say Hey, that’s okay. Maybe another time. Your mom will be glad to
            spend a little more time with you before you go off to college. And breaking news, you
            can actually have more fun sober with your own mom than with a bunch of kids who don’t
            even know your name.</p>
        <p>It’s okay to want to smash the mirror in every time you look at it, or have the urge to
            swallow every pill in the medicine cabinet. It’s okay to stay in bed for twelve hours
            straight, to stare out the window at nothing. Everybody has bad days and everybody feels
            things. Feelings are, apparently, a radical notion. Most people haven’t heard of them.
            If somebody’s having a bad day they call them selfish, when maybe they’re just having a
            bad day. If someone’s quiet in Philosophy class the teacher automatically labels them as
            an introvert, when maybe they just don’t like the teacher. <i>Maybe Philosophy isn’t
                their thing</i>. And that’s completely fine. There’s nothing wrong with feeling
            crappy and miserable and pent-up and bored and anxious. Don’t let anyone judge you as
            anything less just because you feel things.</p>
        <p>Remember that this is your life and these are your things and this is your room and your
            guitar and your bed and your teddy bear from second grade. This is your camera and your
            sweatshirt and your Black Keys poster. Nobody can ever take this away from you.</p>
        <p>This is your life and you can choose to live it how you want to. The world’s not going to
            end if you do; there won’t be another Maya apocalypse prediction. An asteroid isn’t
            going to hit earth; there won’t be any swarms of insects to infest your town and kill
            off half the population.</p>
        <p>Do what feels good and the rest will come.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
