<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="untitled3">
    <title>la moitié de moi est absente</title>
    <body>
        <p>When my sister Olivia had the first miscarriage,</p>
        <p>she wanted to file a missing person’s report. But the police chief</p>
        <p>said there had to be probable cause, and there wasn’t.</p>
        <p>I used to lay my hand against the warm skin of her stomach,</p>
        <p>the tiny heartbeat no bigger than a sanguinella blood orange,</p>
        <p>and I could feel its miniature limbs, kicking.</p>
        <p>Last year the leaves changed from gold to red and back again</p>
        <p>in record time; so many of my nights were spent skinny dipping</p>
        <p>down at the lake with my boyfriend Ian. We held each other</p>
        <p>directly underneath the waterfall, lit up by moonlight,</p>
        <p>his pale shoulders rising like snowcaps through the peaks</p>
        <p>of a mountain. We knew which places to put our tongues</p>
        <p>to make the other sigh. And all the while as we tangled</p>
        <p>limbs together like faulty marionettes, Olivia</p>
        <p>was having her second miscarriage.</p>
        <p>Two days later when I visited her in the hospital,</p>
        <p>I thought, briefly, that her red hair spread out over the pillow</p>
        <p>was blood.</p>
        <p>I was surprised when it didn’t stain my hands.</p>
        <p>She never did try to have a third child,</p>
        <p>and on her good days when we have dinner together,</p>
        <p>I always notice the tattoo inked down the inner side</p>
        <p>of her right wrist: <i>la moitié de moi est absente,</i></p>
        <p>or <i>half of me is missing</i> in French.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
