<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="not_a_forgiveness_letter__but_not_hate_mail_either">
    <title>not a forgiveness letter, but not hate mail either</title>
    <body>
        <p>To the man who raped my husband, the whales still sing every night</p>
        <p>in the surf and the slap of their bodies against the shore</p>
        <p>cannot drown out my love for him. Yesterday in North Korea</p>
        <p>the rockets were tested at a landing site and every explosion</p>
        <p>was equal to the force of my heart squared, then multiplied by three;</p>
        <p>he still kisses me with tongue on every dinner date</p>
        <p>whether it’s at the theater for a midnight show</p>
        <p>or at home in our pajamas eating homemade popcorn.</p>
        <p>He still has nightmares about your face and wishes he could keep</p>
        <p>a gun under the bed for you, a special knife just for you,</p>
        <p>but he knows that would involve a wife without a husband</p>
        <p>and a daughter without a father, so he keeps you alive.</p>
        <p>To the man who raped my husband, forgiveness</p>
        <p>is not a tangible thing. Like the answering machines of the dead,</p>
        <p>it can be called upon when it wants to be,</p>
        <p>but there is no guarantee that it will be returned.</p>
        <p>He still washes the dishes every night and wears the wedding ring,</p>
        <p>and even though he’s more afraid of showing his body to me,</p>
        <p>I am not afraid of holding his hand in public or touching him</p>
        <p>where he needs to be touched.</p>
        <p>He still remembers you every time he walks through a dark alley,</p>
        <p>but the trees still lose their leaves every fall</p>
        <p>and people still jump from twenty-story buildings.</p>
        <p>To the man who raped my husband,</p>
        <p>we still had the wedding,</p>
        <p>and you were not invited.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
