<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="on_the_awfulness_of_unrequited_love">
    <title>on the awfulness of unrequited love</title>
    <body>
        <p>Unrequited love is exhausting, almost physically draining, like teetering on the edge of
            recovery after being home sick for two weeks. But the problem with unrequited love is
            that there’s no cure, no chicken soup or bedrest to make you feel better again. The
            heart is a fickle organ, the most unpredictable in the body, and it wants what it wants
            for sometimes unknowable reasons.</p>
        <p>Imagine what it must have been like for Adam and Eve, the first man and woman, just
            trying out their hearts for the first time. No instruction manual, no step-by-step rules
            that laid out the foundation and the uses. And if Adam didn’t love Eve, or vice versa,
            there would be no one else to project that unused love onto, no placebo.</p>
        <p>When you see the one you love with someone else, it’s all you can do not to rip your
            heart out and throw it on the floor and declare your love to the whole world, to smash
            every plate in the cupboard or paint the walls with their name. It’s gut-wrenching, like
            asking for the whole universe and only receiving the stars instead.</p>
        <p>And of course, if your love is unrequited, you sincerely believe that this person belongs
            to you, that they are <i>yours</i>. That you love them quite possibly more than it is
            possible to love someone. It’s like a Matryoshka doll: you can fit so much feeling
            inside your own body, again and again, layers upon layers going down, down, into the
            deepest parts of yourself. If someone were to unpeel you like an onion, they’d find all
            that unreturned love built up like great yellow reams of fat, insulating your kidneys
            and lungs, clogging your arteries. You’d never be able to escape it.</p>
        <p>Sometimes you lie awake at night in bed and imagine all the things you could have said or
            done or been, the things that might have changed the course of fate and steered the ship
            of destiny in your direction for once. But unfortunately, while we have all the maps in
            the world for faraway countries or oceans or mammoth caves, no one, in the entire course
            of human history, has ever charted a path for unrequited love and how to find your way
            out of its forest. The first explorer that does so, and quite possibly the only, would
            most likely have an entire continent named after them, an entire island, an entire
            universe. Because the one person who figures out how to escape unrequited love’s grasp
            is truly a genius.</p>
        <p>And sometimes you look at their picture over and over again in your school’s yearbook,
            flipping the pages but always returning to that one face, the smile you believe is meant
            for you, the hair parted just so, the smooth curve of their neck where it joins their
            collarbones.</p>
        <p>You’d write their name upon the stars if you could, but for now you’ll just have to
            settle for jotting it down in your tattered notebook instead.</p>
        <p></p>
    </body>
</topic>
