<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_breakup_anthem">
    <title>the breakup anthem</title>
    <body>
        <p></p>
        <p>When he tells you he’s leaving you for the other woman,</p>
        <p>open your heart like a text message and staple it</p>
        <p>to his wall; leave two dozen voicemails on his machine</p>
        <p>in the middle of the night at the exact second</p>
        <p>you know he will be climbing into bed with her,</p>
        <p>as circled in red ink on his pocket calendar.</p>
        <p>Remind him of how deep your kisses</p>
        <p>can be, like plunging down a broken elevator shaft.</p>
        <p>When he tells you, slide your hand between his legs</p>
        <p>one last time, and don’t stop until he tilts his head back,</p>
        <p>tender white skin exposed like milk,</p>
        <p>the sound he makes like a cat meowing.</p>
        <p>Then let go at the exact instant he’s about to come.</p>
        <p>The next day, pack your bags and leave,</p>
        <p>but not after shredding the two little red dresses</p>
        <p>he bought for her with pinking shears</p>
        <p>before scattering the remnants like confetti in his office cubicle.</p>
        <p>Have a dozen yellow roses delivered to his mailbox,</p>
        <p>but replace the carton with a dozen smashed eggs instead;</p>
        <p>attach a note reading <i>this is what your heart will look like</i></p>
        <p><i>when I’m done with you</i> to the outside.</p>
        <p>Go into the tiny guest room you kept your clothes in</p>
        <p>when you stayed overnight and scrawl your name</p>
        <p>across the walls in Revenge Red lipstick.</p>
        <p>Finally, instead of keying a vicious threat</p>
        <p>in the metal skin of his hot orange Corvette,</p>
        <p>scratch <i>I had to fake it every time I slept with this man</i></p>
        <p>into all four side doors.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
