<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_elephant_in_the_room">
    <title>the elephant in the room</title>
    <body>
        <p>My brother is in a relationship with food and it’s complicated.</p>
        <p>He goes on juice cleanses every other week, claiming the Vitamin C</p>
        <p>from all the citrus nutrient shakes are good for him, are a replacement</p>
        <p>for sunlight, will prevent him from turning into the vampire he never wanted to be.</p>
        <p>We come from a long line of uncles and grandfathers who taught the men</p>
        <p>in our family that muscled six packs were six steps to freedom,</p>
        <p>that words like “pecs” and “biceps” were the Holy Grail,</p>
        <p>words they led my brother in praying over at family reunions.</p>
        <p>At the dinner table, he pushes around mashed potatoes and collard greens</p>
        <p>on his plate like a wifebeater who’s forgotten how to touch his spouse</p>
        <p>in any way other than with a closed fist.</p>
        <p>Calories are something he spends more time obsessing over than his girlfriend,</p>
        <p>treats them to romantic dates spent leaning over the toilet bowl,</p>
        <p>whispers curses like love poems whenever he’s ingested too many of them.</p>
        <p>My brother’s culinary relationship is the elephant in the room,</p>
        <p>but he won’t stop trying to turn himself into the mouse.</p>
        <p>He counts his bites methodically, chews with precision,</p>
        <p>engages in midnight runs on the treadmill where the number of miles</p>
        <p>his feet travel is more precious to him than any sleep.</p>
        <p>Afterwards, he trains himself to drift off in bed by counting calories</p>
        <p>instead of sheep. This is his bedtime ritual; it has replaced</p>
        <p>even masturbating or brushing his teeth.</p>
        <p>He has been taught by my parents that shrinking like plastic wrap</p>
        <p>is a woman’s job, but he has never backed down from a challenge.</p>
        <p>My brother is in a relationship with food and it’s complicated.</p>
        <p>No matter how many times he tries to break up with it,</p>
        <p>it always slashes his tires and shows up on his backstep</p>
        <p>begging for more.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
