<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_eating_disorder_recovery_poem">
    <title>the eating disorder recovery poem</title>
    <body>
        <p>I know you hate this body</p>
        <p>so much you’d rather crucify it with juice cleanses and midnight binges</p>
        <p>than remove your brittle bones from the cross of self-doubt,</p>
        <p>but sometimes it’s better to cut yourself down from the noose</p>
        <p>than to make yourself smaller just to fit into the loop.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p>This is your body</p>
        <p>hidden beneath layer after layer of skin like two thousand leagues of ocean</p>
        <p>protecting an entire underwater city below.</p>
        <p>Don’t let your city get rusted; keep it clean.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p>What I know about love is that sometimes it’s directed as far away from yourself</p>
        <p>as the earth is from the sun, but all those millions of miles in between</p>
        <p>are a journey worth taking, and the jet pack you’ll need for the trip</p>
        <p>is a healthy weight to put on.</p>
        <p>So stop carving yourself into smaller and smaller crawl spaces</p>
        <p>and use that same knife to drive your flag of survival into the moon.</p>
        <p>Make your recovery sign visible all the way from outer space.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p>I know you hate this body</p>
        <p>but you’ll never find yourself in the toilet bowl-</p>
        <p>the reflection in the swirling water is as distorted</p>
        <p>as the idea that tiny equates to pretty.</p>
        <p>What’s pretty is a belly full of moonsongs and sunrays,</p>
        <p>a belly and soul so full of joy a whale could swim through them</p>
        <p>and still not bump its head on their walls.</p>
        <p>So keep the fire between your bones lit</p>
        <p>instead of making them so delicate they could snap in half like matchsticks.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p>I know you hate this body</p>
        <p>but shedding all this weight like a bird molting</p>
        <p>won’t give you the power to fly. It’ll just turn you into a pair of busted wings</p>
        <p>trying their hardest to lift up off the ground.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p>So stop holding your breath hoping the lack of air will make you deflate-</p>
        <p>make you tinier, make you shrink-</p>
        <p>and start letting it out instead.</p>
        <p>Not just your breath.</p>
        <p>All of it. Self-hate, self-doubt, the rage, the grief, the despair.</p>
        <p>The defeat.</p>
        <p>Keep going.</p>
        <p>Until it’s gone.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
