<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="the_summer_i_shrank_and_you_expanded">
    <title>the summer i shrank and you expanded</title>
    <body>
        <p>The year we dissected a squid and ate its tentacles piece</p>
        <p>by piece down at the pier next to your house was the year</p>
        <p>you expanded while I grew into myself. We kissed one</p>
        <p>another like good luck charms, like talismans, and used</p>
        <p>our bodies in place of fortune tellers. I read your palm lines</p>
        <p>and came to the conclusion that we would be together forever.</p>
        <p>You hated the word <i>forever</i> and settled for <i>a long time</i>.</p>
        <p>As we grew more familiar with one another’s skin,</p>
        <p>I watched my intake. I wanted nothing but you, would inhale</p>
        <p>nothing but you, counted my calories like sheep before</p>
        <p>drifting off to sleep. The less I ate, the more room I saved</p>
        <p>for you. You wanted to swallow me whole so I fed myself</p>
        <p>to you piece by piece, the tender red flesh of my thumbs</p>
        <p>and breasts until they grew bruised by your mouth.</p>
        <p>In those days I ate nothing but a cup of cold cereal.</p>
        <p>When we watched the whales dive in the surf,</p>
        <p>slapping the water like winners of an arm wrestling match,</p>
        <p>you were almost as giant as their cavernous ribs.</p>
        <p>I was smaller than the smallest school of fish.</p>
        <p>I wanted to fade into you, into the house of your lungs,</p>
        <p>so I spent hours sucking in my ribs in front of the mirror.</p>
        <p>We became opposites of one another.</p>
        <p>But in the end, my wish to become part of you failed,</p>
        <p>and I simply became the skeleton in your closet instead.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
