<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="this_is_for_you_and_for_everyone_else.">
    <title>this is for you and for everyone else.</title>
    <body>
        <p>but how do i explain this to you?</p>
        <p>that the first time someone pulls your legs</p>
        <p>apart, they may not ask you for permission.</p>
        <p>there may not even be any words at all.</p>
        <p>it will hurt and you will close your eyes</p>
        <p>and the stars will glide across the sky above you</p>
        <p>and you might want to die.</p>
        <p>the backs of your knees will be sore</p>
        <p>from being pressed up against the rough</p>
        <p>seat of the car.</p>
        <p>it will be fast. it will not be tender.</p>
        <p>your wrists will crack under his pressure</p>
        <p>and like this you will remain,</p>
        <p>like an insect in a glass case.</p>
        <p>he may never touch your face.</p>
        <p>there will be no apology, no glances</p>
        <p>in your direction.</p>
        <p>when he finishes, he will zip up his jeans</p>
        <p>and shut the door behind him.</p>
        <p>listen to me.</p>
        <p>this may be your first time.</p>
        <p>it may be your third.</p>
        <p>it may be your tenth.</p>
        <p>no matter which one it is, know it is not right.</p>
        <p>this is wrong.</p>
        <p>this is your body. these are your words.</p>
        <p>no one has the power</p>
        <p>to do this to you.</p>
        <p>look him in the eye, hold up your chin,</p>
        <p>and tell him,</p>
        <p>you will not ruin me.</p>
        <p>the moon will still rise in the sky</p>
        <p>and the pine trees will still lose their needles.</p>
        <p>winter will still come. the sheets on your bed</p>
        <p>will remain tangled.</p>
        <p>poetry will still be poetry.</p>
        <p>you will survive this.</p>
        <p>do not let him ruin you.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
