<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="when_a_single_year_is_not_enough">
    <title>when a single year is not enough</title>
    <body>
        <p>After the local police station decides to put a limit</p>
        <p>on the number of suicides that can be committed per year,</p>
        <p>I hold his hand as he listens to the lady on the other end</p>
        <p>of the receiver inform him that the quota for this year is all filled up.</p>
        <p>When he hears the news, he puts the phone down</p>
        <p>without saying goodbye and we sit in silence for awhile.</p>
        <p>Outside our window in the city,</p>
        <p>it is dusk, and our neighbors’ lit windows float like lanterns</p>
        <p>in the middle of a dark and unforgiving sky.</p>
        <p>As the year passes, he seems to be adjusting well.</p>
        <p>He no longer practices writing out his suicide note</p>
        <p>in both print and cursive. There are times</p>
        <p>when all we do is just listen to each other breathe,</p>
        <p>and that is enough effort for one day.</p>
        <p>Things seem to be looking up.</p>
        <p>But when the new year comes around, frosty and young,</p>
        <p>he takes his driver’s license and method of choice card,</p>
        <p>then packs the noose into a sealed plastic bag</p>
        <p>and walks down to the government building</p>
        <p>to wait in line for his turn.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
