<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="when_his_love_for_me_was_unrequited">
    <title>when his love for me was unrequited</title>
    <body>
        <p>When I didn’t love him, he locked the keys in his car</p>
        <p>so I’d have to keep giving him rides to work.</p>
        <p>When I didn’t love him, he bought himself dinner</p>
        <p>for seven nights a week and pretended that the empty chair</p>
        <p>sitting across from him was me.</p>
        <p>My mother always taught me to never place blame on</p>
        <p>the losing party, to always rub honey into wounds instead</p>
        <p>of salt, but whenever I caught him watching me with other men,</p>
        <p>I wanted to board the nearest bus and drive as far away</p>
        <p>as I could from his eyes. When I didn’t love him,</p>
        <p>he started to believe an aquarium was a sadder version</p>
        <p>of the ocean and tried to drown himself at sea.</p>
        <p>When I didn’t love him, he loved me so much</p>
        <p>that his desire acted as a lifejacket and prevented him</p>
        <p>from going under. I was the year about to turn over</p>
        <p>into the equinox, the fingerprints on the wineglass,</p>
        <p>the fog so thick even fireflies lost their way,</p>
        <p>the frequency of dogs who could hear a revenge story</p>
        <p>from a mile away. I cracked his heart like a glow-stick,</p>
        <p>filled his mouth with nothing but my name.</p>
        <p>In the end, he had to resort to watching my window</p>
        <p>at 3 AM in hopes that it would suddenly light up</p>
        <p>and he could imagine me behind the curtains,</p>
        <p>undressing, clothes falling to the floor like skim milk.</p>
        <p>That was the closest he would ever get to me.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
