<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="you_are_not_alone_in_the_way_you_think_you_are">
    <title>you are not alone in the way you think you are</title>
    <body>
        <p>While you are up here, standing at the edge of the roof with the intent to jump off,
            first look beneath you at the street below and all the people walking along it. There
            are probably a few joggers wearing backwards baseball caps and sports bras, couples
            strolling along hand in hand, young mothers rushing with their small children to run
            errands, even a homeless man or woman sitting on a nearby park bench.</p>
        <p>Each and every single person on the street below may be a complete and utter stranger,
            but if you jump, they will forever be connected to you irrevocably. If you jump off the
            roof, your body will fall to the pavement below and you will hit like a smashed blood
            orange. One of those strangers will watch you fall and will be able to do absolutely
            nothing about it. Maybe it’s the jogger who watches you fall. Then, at the physical
            moment of impact, another stranger, maybe the young mother this time, will rush to your
            body, the life already draining from it like water from a bathtub, and will call 911.
            Her young child will witness your death and will have no idea what is going on.</p>
        <p>You may think that the jogger or the mother or the child will forget about the incident,
            that you are just another body in a long line of bodies that they hear or read about in
            the obituaries every day, but that’s where you’re wrong. The jogger who watched you fall
            also watched you die, and will forever be changed by the fact that they were unable to
            save you. They may wake up in the middle of the night with a pulsing heart, covered in
            sweat, reliving the event over and over again, and in the dream they’ll be about to
            reach out a hand to grasp for you, or they’ll see an abandoned mattress lying by the
            side of the road, and they’ll drag it over to the spot beneath your body, but the dream
            will end seconds before you hit the ground. You’ll keep dying over and over again in
            their dreams, and over and over again, they won’t be able to do a thing about it.
            They’ll never stop hating themselves for it.</p>
        <p>The mother who called 911? She’ll forever be changed too. Because she will be with her
            child, and she will be thinking about her child growing into an awkward, unsure
            teenager, someone who likes heavy metal and wants to be shut up in their room all the
            time. She will be worrying that what happened to you will happen to her child too,
            because her child witnessed it. She will be terrified that one day, her child is going
            to be so full of pain like a shook-up bottle that they will do anything to release the
            pressure of that bottle and let the pain out through a hole in the side of the plastic.
            That mother will spend the rest of her life in constant worry and fear that one day her
            child is going to be the person you were and will end up like you did.</p>
        <p>For the child, it will be but a brief moment in a series of colored flashes that are the
            memories of children, but this one will stick out more so than the others. It will be
            what is termed as a “flashbulb memory” in psychology. Years later, they will be able to
            remember exactly what they were doing and wearing at the moment of your death. They will
            remember that they were wearing a red short-sleeved shirt, black shorts, and mini
            Birkenstocks, and that your body as it fell looked like an angel’s because of the way
            your arms were held out at your sides like wings. They will not know, at the moment of
            your death, what you were doing, but they will figure it out later, and they will know
            that they saw a life being purposely cut short before their very eyes.</p>
        <p>Yes, your parents and friends will have to go to the hospital and identify your dead
            body, and they will hold your cold clammy hand and marvel at how their child, whom they
            brought into life like a candle into the dark, has now been removed from it before their
            time. Yes, your sister will no longer be able to joke with you about dates or her
            boyfriend’s unhygienic habits or her teacher’s tendency to chew on his fingernails while
            his class is taking a particularly difficult test. Yes, your grandparents will not
            attend your graduation because you will have not graduated, because it is no longer
            possible for you to walk across the stage and accept your diploma.</p>
        <p>Yes, your friends will never be able to laugh with you and go out for ice cream with you,
            or gossip and relive favorite past memories of childhood and elementary school. Yes,
            they will move on into their lives with a hole the precise shape and size of you cut
            into those lives, like a cookie cutter slapped suddenly into dough.</p>
        <p>Yes, the people closest to you, people you loved and people that loved you in the most
            overwhelming, incredible way in return, will miss you dearly. Your death will forever
            have an impact on them, and they will see your ghost everywhere they turn.</p>
        <p>However, you know full well that even with friends and family surrounding you, you can be
            alone as ever. You can be the loneliest person in the entire world; you can feel as if
            you are the only person on the planet.</p>
        <p>But what you don’t understand, at this very moment, as you are standing on this roof, is
            that you are not alone in the way you think you are. You think you’re the kind of alone
            that means alone in a crowd of strangers, alone in a room full of people you’ve never
            even met.</p>
        <p>You think no one cares that you are standing up here on this roof, waiting to die.</p>
        <p>But the reality is that each and every single person beneath you on the streets and
            sidewalk right now are living and breathing, and if you jump, they will continue living
            and breathing, but in a vastly different way than before. They will be forever changed.
            The jogger, the mother, the young child, the couples, the homeless men and women-their
            lives will never be the same, because they will witness the ending of a life when they
            have already been so deeply taught that the beginning of a life is the most precious
            thing of all.</p>
        <p>All these people form a web, an interconnected web, and you are at the very center of it.
            They surround you like insects, and you are the spider.</p>
        <p>You can do what you wish right now. You can catch them or you can let them escape.</p>
        <p>Whatever your choice may be, a spider in a web surrounded by insects is never alone. It
            is connected to them by billions and billions of threads.</p>
        <p>You are not alone. You are the furthest thing from it at this very moment.</p>
        <p>So step back from the roof now.</p>
        <p>Turn around and climb back through the window.</p>
        <p>Shut it. Roll down the curtain.</p>
        <p>Breathe.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
