<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="you_can_buy_nail_polish__but_not_tolerance">
    <title>you can buy nail polish, but not tolerance</title>
    <body>
        <p>When we head to Costco to pick out new shades of nail polish</p>
        <p>for the upcoming school year, the employee suggests</p>
        <p>Raspberry Ripple and Emerald Ebullience. We buy several bottles</p>
        <p>of each and take turns driving while the other brushes</p>
        <p>the colored liquid on in broad strokes in the car.</p>
        <p>My brother is concentrating hard, his legs crossed in the short</p>
        <p>denim skirt he picked out at the mall, tip of tongue protruding</p>
        <p>from the corner of his mouth.</p>
        <p>The cornfields angle away from us on both sides, dark golden</p>
        <p>husks waving like fans in the wind. I know that when we get home,</p>
        <p>my brother will practice his model walk in the kitchen,</p>
        <p>hands on hips, nails painted a fresh coat of dark purple,</p>
        <p>glancing at me out of the corner of his eye as I scrub</p>
        <p>greasy black debris from the edges of the frying pan,</p>
        <p>checking to make sure I’m watching.</p>
        <p>I remember his childhood, how he went skateboarding</p>
        <p>in baggy black pants and leather jackets and joked</p>
        <p>with his friends about how the school’s only gay student</p>
        <p>was a faggot. I think that maybe we are all just practicing,</p>
        <p>and I wonder about all the time my brother wasted</p>
        <p>back then on being someone else. But it’s a shame</p>
        <p>when the one version of yourself you’re meant to be</p>
        <p>is the version of yourself you always have to hide,</p>
        <p>like the way my brother throws the high heels back in the closet</p>
        <p>and smears off all the makeup with the palm of his hand</p>
        <p>as soon as he hears our father’s car pull into the driveway.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
