<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="handle">
    <title>Handle: Steps and Resources</title>
    <body>
        <p>There are several steps you can take when handling plagerized work.<ol
                id="ol_usw_rfz_xbb">
                <li>When you find a result, contact the ‘author’ of the plagiarized piece first. Ask
                    them to remove it or to provide credit to you.</li>
                <li>If they decline, contact the owner of the site the ‘author’ has posted your work
                    on, and ask them to remove it. <ul id="ul_el3_khz_xbb">
                        <li>Provide them with links of both your original work and the thief’s
                            work</li>
                        <li>Send date stamps to show that your piece was written or posted
                            first.</li>
                        <li>Include screenshots for proof of plagiarism, as well.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>If the owner refuses to remove the piece, go to the following website: <xref
                        href="https://www.whoishostingthis.com/" format="html" scope="external"
                        >www.whoishostingthis.com</xref>.<ul id="ul_rff_4hz_xbb">
                        <li>Type in the name of the site your stolen work is posted on. This will
                            reveal what company or site is hosting the site your work is on.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Once the hosting site pops up, email or contact their abuse department with the
                    same information (screenshots, urls, links, etc.) you originally provided the
                    first site owner. Ask the hosting service to remove the piece. <ul
                        id="ul_ijp_rhz_xbb">
                        <li>Make sure to provide the hosting service with a formal DMCA
                            notification. You can easily generate one <xref
                                href="https://www.whoishostingthis.com/resources/dmca/"
                                format="html" scope="external">here</xref> and it only takes about 2
                            minutes.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>This last step should almost always work. If it doesn’t, you have every right to
                    threaten legal action unless the hosting site complies with your request to have
                    your stolen work removed.</li>
            </ol></p>
    </body>
</topic>
